                           RAMU PALURI 
 Mobile: + 91 8297404476             LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramu-reddy-paluri
 Email: paluriramu829740@gmail.com   Github: https://github.com/PaluriRamu
 
 CAREER OBJECTE:
 I am looking for the opportunity to further develop my skills as a web developer and apply them to
 yourorganization’s needs. I have good knowledge of Python, Javascript to help company and client to
 achieve their goal.

 WORK EXPERIENCE:
 Web Development Interns:
 Lets GrowMore (Feb 22- March 22)
  Task1: Create A Todo-List App
    Problem Statement: TODO List are the lists that we generally use to maintain our day to day 
    tasks or list of everything that we have to do, with the most important tasks at the top of the list, 
    and the least important tasks at the bottom. It is helpful in planning our daily schedules.
  Details: Capture everything, Lists, lists and more lists, Organize your to-do list by workflow, 
    priority or due date, Make it actionable, Verbs first, detail later, Prioritize your to-dos.
  Used libraries: HTML, CSS, Javascript.

 The Spark Foundations (Jan 22- Feb 22)
  Task1: The Payment Gateway Integration 
    Problem Statement: The payment gateway provides a systemized payment methods. It 
    facilities the customer with a fast and flexible way to pay. They can pay from wherever 
    they are even though their mobile are desktop. The payment gateway APIs and tools 
    enable you to provide a personalized experience to the customers.
  Details: One of the most important features to consider in a payment gateway security. (Easy 
   integration, Detailed reporting, Invoicing options, Multiple payment options, Fast processing 
   speed).
  Used libraries: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript.
 Task2: Social Media Integration
 Problem Statement: Social media integration is defined as the use of social media platforms as 
part of a digital marketing strategy. That means having active social media accounts and linking 
them with a brand website to drive prospects to and from the site.
 Details: Expand your business networking, Easy to manage, Analytics and reports, content 
aggregation and scheduling, Improved analysis and forecasts.
 Used libraries: HTML, CSS, Javascript.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
 Python (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib)
 MYSQL
 Ms Excel
 Ms Word
 HTML
 CSS
 Angular Js
 Node Js
 Bootstrap
 Php
EDUCATION:
Degree Year Percentage/CGPA University
B.Sc (computer science) 2020 64 Acharya Nagarjuna
University
Intermediate 2016 61 Nethaji Junior Colllege 
SSC 2014 75 ZPHS
PERSONAL DETAILS:
 Gender : Male
 DOB : 29/06/1999
 Location : SR Nagar, Hyderabad – 500038
 Permanent Address: 2-38-2 , Neredupalli(V),
 PC Palli(M), Prakasam (Dist), Andhra Pradesh- 523111
 Languages : English, Telugu, Hindi
 Hobbies : Playing Cricket, Watching Movies, Listening Music, Traveling 
Place: Hyderabad 
Date:24-09-2022 
 (RAMU.P)